the best resource is that you can have, especially if you're about to
be a new leader. Uh, deals with people. If you wanna be an officer grabbing
officer and taken to the side Say, Hey, tell me about where
you've been, what you've been doing. Um, what life is like if you're
in the listed ranks, grab the closest chief and say, Hey, you know
what? Like I'm, uh, I'm about to be a leader. Um, I'm unsure about this
or I know about this, but tell me about your personal situation
there. There's tons of ways that you can ask these questions. Um, books
air fine. But I found that most people, when it comes to leaders
toe leadership, they generally, um, based on experience and the best
way for experiences to get it from a real life conversation.